Update documentation to match Proxiome v2 changes (#205)
nf-core/pixelator: docs/output.md

</details>

#### Sample Calling

This step uses the `pixelator single-cell-pna sample-calling` command. It takes
the graph PXL file and the sample sheet as input and assigns each component to
the most likely sample in pooled experiments.

Components with assignment confidence below the selected threshold are marked
as undetermined and can be saved to a separate output file. The resulting
per-sample dehashed PXL files are then used as input for the denoising step.

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `pixelator`
  - `sample_calling`
    - `<sample-id>.dehashed.pxl`: The pixel file containing the data associated with each samples.
    - `<sample-id>.meta.json`: Command invocation metadata.
    - `<sample-id>.report.json`: QC metrics for the sample calling step.

>     - `<pool-id>_undetermined.dehashed.pxl`: The pixel file containing data that could not be associated with any sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `<pool-id>_undetermined.dehashed.pxl`: The pixel file containing data that could not be associated with any sample. This is only output when `pna_sample_calling_save_undetermined = true`.
```

    - `<pool-id>_undetermined.meta.json`: Command invocation metadata.
    - `<pool-id>_undetermined.report.json`: QC metrics for the sample calling step.

  - `logs`
    - `<pool-id>.pixelator-sample-calling.log`: pixelator log output.

</details>

> [!NOTE]

> > This step is run only with `--technology proxiome-v2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This step is run only when `--technology proxiome-v2` is set.
```
